#Instructions for the SQL Server & Database

1. Install SQL Server: Download and install SQL Server on your machine. You can choose the edition that suits your needs, such as SQL Server Express, SQL Server        Developer Edition, or SQL Server Standard Edition. Make sure to follow the installation instructions provided by Microsoft.

2. Open SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS): Once SQL Server is installed, open SQL Server Management Studio. This is a graphical tool provided by Microsoft for 
   managing SQL Server.

3. Connect to SQL Server: In SSMS, click on the "Connect" button or go to the "File" menu and select "Connect Object Explorer". Enter the necessary information to 
   connect to your SQL Server instance, such as the server name and authentication method.

4. Create a Database: Once connected to SQL Server, right-click on "Databases" in the Object Explorer and select "New Database". Provide a name for your database and 
   configure any other settings as needed. Click "OK" to create the database.

5. Design the Database Schema: With the database created, you can now design the schema based on your requirements. This involves creating tables, defining columns 
   and data types, establishing relationships between tables, and adding any necessary constraints. In our case, use SQLQuery.sql to create the datadase structure and schema

6. Execute SQL Scripts: If you choose to write SQL scripts, you can create a new query window in SSMS and write the SQL statements to create tables, define columns, 
   set relationships, and add constraints. Once the script is ready, execute it in SSMS to create the necessary database objects.

7. Verify the Database: After executing the SQL scripts, verify that the database objects (tables, columns, relationships) have been created successfully. You can  
   view the structure of the database in SSMS by expanding the database in the Object Explorer and exploring the different folders (Tables, Views, etc.).

8. Install Entity Framework Core: Entity Framework Core is a popular Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) framework that simplifies database interactions in Blazor. Install the required packages by running the following command in the Package Manager Console:
      Install-Package Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer
      Install-Package Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design
      
9. Create a Database Context Class: In your Blazor project, create a new class file called test_DbContext.cs (or any desired name) and define a class that inherits from DbContext. 
   This class will represent the database context and allow interaction with the underlying data.
  
10. Configure Database Connection: Open the appsettings.json or appsettings.Development.json file in your Blazor project. Add the connection string for the SQL Server database within
   the "ConnectionStrings" section. The code to be added is in this folder under the name "appsettings.json".
   
11. Configure Dependency Injection: Open the Startup.cs file in your Blazor project. Within the ConfigureServices method, register the database context by adding the code found in the "ConfigureServices" file.

12. This code registers the MyDbContext class with the provided connection string, enabling dependency injection of the database context throughout the application.
     Inject Database Context: In the Blazor components or services where database operations are required, inject the database context using constructor injection. Code to use
     for the injection can be found in the "Injection" file.
